Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-dropSearchIndex.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::dropSearchIndex()
======================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Drop an Atlas Search index from a collection using the `dropSearchIndex` method, available for Atlas deployments with a minimum M10 cluster tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Drop an Atlas Search index from a collection with the MongoDB PHP Library, available for Atlas deployments with a minimum M10 cluster tier.
```
